keep all this week just for us I see
your people are still locked and
agonizing bliss I can't even cigs angle
I'm in such a good mood why does our
great prophet punishes prophet these
readings show some kind of massive
life-form engulfing your sector it's
wankershim part of his essence must have
concentrated here as a game banded
throughout the universe they're trapped
inside a sassy unresolved pocket of
wanker geez Kappa come in will modify
the ship's antimatter blowhole coils
while you set up a dispersal array to
protect aliens from whatever wanker she
does I'm sending you down to the planet
seriously he needs to learn about
responsibility help me put together an
away team yes catbug according to this
the San teens have worshipped the
wankershim entity for centuries that's
ludicrous angered him really you our
senses Elfi consciousness all around us
we are the illusion and he is the
reality today we rejoin the wanker self
you're a born later kappa thanks lippy
don't feel the cat's head with hokum
slipping napkins look at these poor
people you had Cadman let's move mrs.
stone Joe what an ice cream yeah so more
sugar coombs bro that's dropping lucky
board that's for you sir super Chinese
peanut butter that's okay fella oh thank
you thank you oh joy to my gosh am
nursery school this mission is like a
hot slap in the sweethearts need
help with the sexy energy sexy energy my
ass flippy napkins
dangerous I'm an extreme afire I can
survive in any environment from deep sea
to deep space dopamine and oxytocin
levels rising of the mission oh you just
need to believe clap your hands if you
believe i believe i do i do okay yeah
i'm just tryna hurt my church key to
this i shall
waddle away team come in oh man where's
your helmet it's too late for me Oh miss
wagga G is tickling my impossible super
yes you laying on the ground where's
catbug Wow when I got angry i I'm sorry
for those times I brings my head to you
oh I've drawn a nice pair of pumps in
the sand he's gonna be okay me everybody
hold on something happened on the
surface the pressure finally built up to
a massive Wagner genic police and then
everything changed watching the
ecosystem the atmosphere Oh everything
every other planet in the universe just
started revolving around this one that's
not possible but you know I look more
than a ham dude what happened down there
oh I got something I need you and then
no you don't good job ladies kappa did
you finish the dispersal red plums right
Santine major just became the center of
the universe Arthur Sen Tian's ok I'm
afraid they all turned into a fine paper
and fold it up
why okay sure everything's okay buddy
over now weren't we supposed to help
these people well they're probably one
with wankershim now that can't be too
bad right that was a mistake yeah we
probably shouldn't have trusted kappa
you're watching bravest warriors on
cartoon hangover only on youtube